Bam!

Yuriel woke up with a start followed by a faint sound. He felt his head hitting a hard metallic structure and his limbs, limited by the enclosed space, tried to move but failed to do so due to lack of space.

He stopped all movement as he assessed his body for the first time in decades, while simultaneously feeling a sharp pain flashing inside his brain which disappeared a couple of breaths later, leaving in its stead a small yawn that escaped his parched mouth. 

Wiping a trickle of saliva leaking from the corner of his lips, Yuriel felt overwhelming comfort coming from the darkness.

Moments later, he raised his arms and, with a slight push of his hand, managed to open the "door" to the outside.

His eyes took only a moment to to get used to the sudden brightness brimming from the newfound space as his body started to itch as if mourning the dissipated comfort of the dark. 

He atood up and glanced around. Here was a grayish white room, lacking just about any peculiarities about the plain design except for the coffin Yuriel had just crawled out of.

A black and golden coffin. 

The designation of coffin had to do to witb both the design itself and the original intention of the designer. 

Looking at its form and materials, it should indeed be a coffin: the wood lasques overlaped with intricate dragon patterns, and small grooves of birds and beasts covered the sides and corners as if shying away from the fierce giant beast.

The main reason the coffin should undoubtedly be named as such, though, is that Yuriel's body was cold. A freezing cold only found in dead bodies... 

At the moment of death, human tissue was preserved and its functiona retained; the blood evaporates but instead of leaving the body it transforms into (?). This was also the comfortable feeling Yuriel was feeling and which should almost be entirely dissipated by now.

As Yuriel's body warmed up at considerable speeds, he further observed the coffin lid. 

A small indent faintly stood out located where Yuriel's head had previously hit the coffin. Besides it were countless other similar small shapes. However, this last indent appeared to be the biggest, possibly dus to the surging vitality from his soon-awoken body.

As if he noticed something, his mouth strained a bit. A few moments later, a small sound reached his ears. 

A white noise approached slowly. It flowed freelt in the air, lacking a particular pattern yet confusing to the human eyes.

It was the air from earlier. Like a firefly entering a jar, it unexpectedly came back as quickly as it had previously left.

The room, just above ten meters wide, had barely enough slace for the coffin not seem too lonely standing in the center of the grayish tiles.

A light spread out within the darkness almost instantly. Yuriel's body was still, but his mind was not.

After a small breath, it reached the light once again to its previous state. this time, however, a faint light leaked outside from narrow grooves in in the coffin's inner walls.

Finally, there was a change in Yuriel's fingers. 

The five right hand's fingers that never stopped moving since the start cramped slightly and, throughout small tremors, formed a praying lotus shape where the pinky and middle touched themselves and the rest spread out in a seemingly natural order.  The left hand's fingers still moved restlessly.

Legend has it that after Nuwa shaped the first humans from clay, past divine beings had aquired knowledge of order and chaos through meticulous study of the movement of the human hand. Together with blood, human body parts, particularly the hands which channeled a great part of past spiritual residue, formed the foundation of human strength.

Mortal bodies had gained some unique conditions as a consequence of the genetational shift from past spiritual manipulation to modern mechanical theory and studies, and are now able to craft intricate weapons and armor with a potential to rival those of the gods, as well as pursuing holistic scientific breakthrough.

Descartes' love for the mechanical was well known within the divine realm.

The traces of divine left from the clay, the legendary blood dripped from Nüwa's hands showcased Gods' acknowledgment as well as the princess ' love for life. 

Of course, compared to the vast knowledge of the universe and the most powerful divine beings, this litle trickle of understanding had no place to speak of. One cannot assume that the gods bad a backwards society simply due to a lack of human science and technology.

Perhaps to higher-leveled civilizations, these means are akin to an ant chasing an elephant's back...

Yuriel sneezed, creating first air flow this room had seen in a while.

Wiping his nose, he pondered about the coffin and its surroundings for a bit, and afterwards, went directly towards the only door available. He was sure there were no valid safety concerns since this location's goal ought to have been to "secure the goods", leaving them undisturbed. 

The dead, and especially the ones who cannot reborn, require utmost respect and comfort. In the human world, graveyards and mausoleums are considered as sacred places and, although here was neither, the original intention is similar. 

Thinking of this, Yuriel rubbed a scar with the size of a nail underneath his eyebrows. Accompanied by this small gesture was a raise of his lips, harsly traceable from the outside.

A few moments later, he laughed ina strange manner, thinking that a mid-sized coffin conspicuously
placed in the midddle of a plain room can also be as considered stylish and sacred, right?

After a few glances back to the coffin, Yuriel simply turned the door handle and left the room casually.

As he exited the room, a few faces seemed to flash amidst the shadows. Some resembled pure and cold gods while others sememed more like fierce and lively demons.

As expected, the next room also had nothing extraordinary other than a remarkably large furnace made of well-polished iron in the middle, still bursting out a few smokes here and then. 

It looked similar to a craft room ancient alchemists studied and refined medicinal pills, often to please human kings or perhaps cultivate themselves quietly. Apart from a furnace, there were  miscellaneous household items such as a mantle, a saddle and a woven basket of clothes, looking very traditional and cozy.

